When you see Joe and you
see him come to work in the rain
in cold weather, we're not talking
about just across the street.
I mean, where he stays is probably
four or five miles from here,
and the guy is
60-something years old.
I mean, you can't help but to have
compassion for a guy like that.
Joe is our outside custodian.
He cleans the building, he's responsible
for keeping our building clean.
He's been doing it
for about three years now.
He puts his heart
into what he does.
When he's finished doing his work
the job looks really good.
Joe's a hard-worker.
He had a vehicle when
he first started here
and his vehicle's beginning
to give him some problems.
It cost him more
to get it fixed
than it would be
to purchase another car
and he was not able to
afford that at the time.
So Joe just started
walking to work.
One of our guys won a UPS bike
in one of our drawings
and we donated that bike to him.
It didn't matter what condition or
weather it was he came on to work.
Walking and riding
back and forth to work
he has put thousands
and thousands of miles
on his feet and on that bicycle
just to be able to get to work.
If he's on this back road
– what most of us use –
someone is going to
stop and pick him up.
Even though he's
pedaling that bicycle.
He's going to make it to work.
So we just decided,
he didn't need to be walking.
So we all got together
and started taking up money
and me, being the money lady,
I just grab me an envelope
and started telling every driver
I said, "Look,
you all need to give
money to help Mr. Joe out."
I looked for Joe a car
for about a month or so
and I found a few cars
and drove them up here
and we finally found Joe a car.
My role was to make sure
everything was in good shape
so whenever he got it
he wouldn't have any problems.
It should just last him a while.
Now, we wanted to surprise Joe
and give Joe the car
as a gift from the center.
He told me,
"Won't you come in early?
And we'll just have your breakfast."
And so I didn't know that he
was going to surprise me.
I get goosebumps
thinking about the fact
that when we gave him
the car he cried.
The first thing Joe said when
he seen the car was, "Oh, man."
I thought Joe was fixing
to have a heart attack out here.
This moment I have that
they gave me, I'll never forget it.
As a matter of fact, it was the best
moment of my whole entire life.
I do want to say this right here:
it's a the testament
to leadership here.
Because without the leadership
this would never happen.
It's a group effort. Because, you know,
we can do things individually,
but when we're united as one,
we can do more.
We got Joe a car
and presented it to him
and ever since then,
Joe's parked his bike
and he's been riding home
four wheels instead of two.